hello I'm here today with Ariel hello
we're gonna be talking about youtubers
and books so Barry a contentious Oh Ted
just oh oh I think we have sweet year
when i say youtubers talking writing
books what's your immediate reaction oh
I wish it wasn't I really wish it was
and about a year ago it was actually
very excited I was so excited because I
saw all of these people that in my
opinion we're putting in a legit amount
of effort yeah um it turned out that
that was an injustice the sauce and and
slowly the layers have been peeled back
yeah and I just find it incredibly
despicable now I think part of the thing
the biggest factor that makes me hate it
is the volume okay it feels like every
single bigger youtuber is publishing a
book yeah and that to me just doesn't
equate quality with quantity okay the
balance seems off sounding like all the
way up like they can't possibly be that
many books that need to be published
from bigger youtubers yeah that are also
not for just money do you think I just
think of it as celebrity which referees
are lots of cases I mean there are some
exceptions that I think like Anna hearts
book it looks exactly yeah that's the
thing there are definitely exceptions
yeah but I think they get him with the
volume yeah its sheer volume and I think
does everyone understand ya know it ties
it does it's awful if there's so many of
them the majority of them again
exceptions all around but the majority
of them have this kind of memoir element
okay yeah and that irks me yeah also I'm
proud of myself for just using the word
okay tonight hurts me because the
majority of these people are in their
early 20s right maybe in their late 20s
definitely in their 20s right um and in
my opinion it's bizarrely mmm snooty
will say we'll say it nicely a suti to
think that your life is already so
worthy and I'm not saying that these
people have not accomplished things
because I think that everybody has
accomplished 12 year olds yeah
seen 30 40 like any age who have
accomplished interesting and powerful
things but I think that something is
taken away from it it's already at 25
you think oh this is publishable yeah i
also just depends what the tone of it is
I was like a again it comes back to
celebs you was bio creamy and I would
just to expand on that a bit like a lot
of what I think about it is that
celebrity autobiography to make the
publishing of smaller books and new
right yes which is very important this
is fascinating and I think whose
channels to son sighs on your chin rosy
on is get a link down below to links I'm
gonna send her a videos maybe you've
seen yeah do you watch candy something
yeah can you something made an amazing
video but it and you watch spiffing
Latino yes she also made an amazing
video about it um and they talked about
that they see the merit of these books
yeah is that they pushed the publishing
industry to actually have money yes to
then publish people who are like which
I've seen more art type stuff yeah I'm
like that no I don't usually get
published because it doesn't have the
promise of selling as much as the square
root just getting my pastoral um yeah no
I completely agree like I think say
terrifying I I can't attack of the
squirrels everyone down no I completely
think I'm not saying that these books
shouldn't be published because they do
you have a merit the industry not least
also there are people who do want to
read them I just that is gonna be a
value in it of itself but there is
something about like that yeah miley
cyrus miles to coast kind of stuff that
memoir that that feeling of like i want
to create a book and the book that i
create that is going to be a value is
going to be a memoir of my life in my
experience that to me is kind of goes
against the spirit of what we were doing
on youtube money youtubers so much about
community in collaboration and whatever
your type of videos whether they're
challenge videos will put videos or
videos or whatever they may all go in
that same way and I feel like the book
doesn't the books that I'm seeing aren't
celebrating that right what they're
celebrating is like this it's very
traditional way of talking about
ourselves and about celebrity yeah I
think actually it's an interesting
reflection of where I kind of feel
YouTube culture is going kind of has
become more of a business and it has
become more of a self-centered thing
where it's one person trying to build
their brand of and the solution she was
pushed yes no definitely has and so I
think that there has kind of been a
reflection of that in in this entire
annamma not phenomenon but let me know
what you will think in command yes I'm
very excited but comments on this one
I'm Rita very very excited but I also
need a video on Ariel's channel about
the general election I'm an ad in here
in a yellin and it was an interesting
experiment to be here doing a general
election case if you want our thoughts
you know stay talked about that so we
just we just kept it already really hot
in October Oh like a like a hot topic
but would say my god